Then I present to you my three lemon milks that I hope that in the
most say what they really want very simple
will see how I have here and what are the ingredients
in a bowl we will place 7 egg whites
activism
in sigh lopez
we do not want that this is clearly more important but yes
bulfoni I was firm
while they arrived beating iva they are becoming firm
this will be our base for the sponge cake
important genome
once they are firm that had that consistency almost the meringue
we will add
seven spoons of sugar little by little
be so that she payén becoming that meringue
strong meléndez
usually little by little
and after we have that consistency that we want
we will add
a teaspoon
d such ni
it can not be that uefa
can be harmful time something while we put that mythical there is fear that
place kent you need explained h
we will add all the cups of the world
comes out of a new album carlos rafael presence text challenge very bad
and more flight
the yolk we have to add
a
11 adrián
full moon
we hope they will be integrated into merengue
we add the other full
and again
we hope they will be integrated
and so on
until culminate with the 7
who more than 20
because they make a gesture so that our meringue
no time came
at the end they integrate the species plus retire and ibm
in the blender
i admission we will do seven listened
day to day
puyol suede
to our preparation - having alina caretaker can be normal flour with two
teaspoons from poland
we will mix
this merengue with latina
with quite long movements is not here if I did not
so that they are in that we are not going
mckee
when we have to be meringue mixed with the line but be a nun
place a boomer entered Medina 25 centimeters in diameter
i will not put Mormon about 15 minutes
moderate here
while the heat we proceed to what the three milks have left
sotheby's car
the ingredients
and of these ingredients that we will see to the blender
all - the egg fills
and the lemon juice
a law split the mother of maple the yolk to this preparation
we ended up I want the yolk
at the end of the good
immediately we get the car also I tell you click
so you can access see what cream is
anna this topic the container
i will add it and on top of this office that is hot
so that he can acs neighboring hours be per ton see our not this cream
and the sponge cake
locke the cream that always
apart
We have two egg whites
we are to beat in their ranks again will count on them until the merengue that
wish
once they have strong meringues
that has that consistency we will add
3 will listen to their homes
for this level
i rafa
of a magnet
modarra area so far
and I in this case added a lot of German revenue so that it comes to me
an exquisite taste
moraleja determine the meringue that is following and will be reduced by way of
blender
and we scattered is not meringue on our disc
If we take to make them a decoration, I'll make you piquitos with a school
spoon that happen with the little ones
and then sprinkle
those who are the thief
for people who do not like cinnamon powder can be chaponda
temporary
that helps
what I hope is that these recipes give them in addition to help
the expo
and the number increases
good nation source see the presentation
ivailo kalfin comment already know that I'm on my side